the best batman game ever created is
one of the phrases that repeat some of
users who have already played batman
arkham night and of course the truth is
that very misguided do not go maybe the
best chapter of the arkham saga of
batman is this arkham nike batman that
he keeps leaving news and what's he wearing
and a few weeks on the shelves of
the stores good attentive because always
it has been said that the Batman trilogy of
christopher nolan has been one of the
great inspirers of the arkham saga
but one of the pioneers when it comes to
take batman to the big screen already
you know it was Tim Burton with the two
first films that existed from the
good superhero I talk about the two
first modern movies so
to say it his adaptation with michael keaton
as batman jack nicholson as the joker
to this day they are still raising
a lot of good expectation because attentive
because rocksteady would have made it a
small tribute in the form of DLCI will be the
next week when we can
enjoy it all those who have
acquired has acquired the season pass
you can make you
this downloadable content for batman
arkham you have to include the suit that
he wore batman in the first movie of
tim burton and a skin for the batmobile
that will turn it into a replica
exact of that batmobile that we could see
in 1989 that by the way said bank mobile
he also repeated his appearance in 1992 with
the sequel to that batman movie of
tim burton with batman returns good
up in two because this dlc is also going
to add two new tours with the
to make our batmobile run very
inspired by those films and the
truth is that this video that we are
watching is a good example of it
Of course there is a desire for the arrival of
next week and be able to enjoy this
it was in which many already consider one
of the top games of this year's
new generation